GitHUb Create Personal Access Token 

1. https://github.com/Deloitte-US/BenefitsIQ_Recon_POC

2. In the upper-right corner of any page on GitHub, click your profile picture, then click  Settings.

3. In the left sidebar, click Developer settings.

4. In the left sidebar, under Personal access tokens, click Fine-grained tokens.

5. Click Generate new token.

6. Under Token name, enter a name for the token.

7. Under Expiration, select an expiration for the token. Infinite lifetimes are allowed but may be blocked by a maximum lifetime
   policy set by your organization or enterprise owner. For more information, 
   See Enforcing a maximum lifetime policy for personal access tokens.

8. Optionally, under Description, add a note to describe the purpose of the token.

9. Under Resource owner, select a resource owner. The token will only be able to access resources owned by the 
   selected resource owner. Organizations that you are a member of will not appear if the organization has blocked 
   the use of fine-grained personal access tokens. For more information, see Setting a personal access token policy 
   for your organization.

10. Optionally, if the resource owner is an organization that requires approval for fine-grained personal access tokens, 
    below the resource owner, in the box, enter a justification for the request.

11. Under Repository access, select which repositories you want the token to access. You should choose the minimal repository 
     access that meets your needs. Tokens always include read-only access to all public repositories on GitHub.

12. If you selected Only select repositories in the previous step, under the Selected repositories dropdown, 
    select the repositories that you want the token to access.

13. Under Permissions, select which permissions to grant the token. Depending on which resource owner and which repository 
    access you specified, there are repository, organization, and account permissions. 
    You should choose the minimal permissions necessary for your needs.

14. Click Generate token.

15. Save your token somewhere safe.





1. https://github.com/Deloitte-US/BenefitsIQ_Recon_POC

2. In the upper-right corner of any page on GitHub, click your profile picture, then click  Settings.

3. In the left sidebar, click Developer settings.

4. In the left sidebar, under Personal access tokens, click Fine-grained tokens.


